# Milestone 2 Reflection - Peter Boster - 10/27/2019

Although I found this milestone to be relatively easy, I didn't accomplish as much as I intended to as I started the project on the Saturday before it was due. This was mainly because of the fact that I had a Calculus midterm and a Computer Science midterm back to back and I wanted to take my time to focus on studying for those. On top of that, I had to go home to say goodbye to a loved one. Because of the time constraints that I was under, I just focused on producing something that worked, rather than focusing on good design. Although this was a difficult two weeks for me, I am disappointed that I wasn't able to get my switch statements into functions, as that would've made my code a lot cleaner. Aside from not being able to figure out the switch statements, the hardest part of this project was getting my high contrast effect to work properly. This was because my logic was off in my if statements, which caused some values to stay the same, which messed up the effect. Surprisingly for me, the random noise and the effect chaining were the easiest parts of this assignment for me, because I used rand() which I had never used before, and a do/while loop which I had also never used before. This was easy for me because by now I have a lot of practice reading documentation, which prior to taking this class, I was very shaky on.

For the next project, I still want to achieve the goals I laid out for this project in my last reflection, like creating a pixel class and using custom formatting, which after studying for the midterm, I feel far more comfortable at least attempting. Aside from these goals, I would also like to put as much of the main fuction into seperate functions as possible. This would include all of the prompts and maybe all of the input and output prompts. All in all, I feel like all of these goals are within my skills as I improved a lot while studying for my midterm, and because of the fact that I hopefully won't have as much chaos going on in my life outside of class.