# Milestone 1 Reflection - Peter Boster - 10/13/2019

For this project, I approached everything in a different way that in pa3. When I started pa3, I tried to build everything on my own without going back to the lecture code or looking through the book for refrences. Since I wanted to use a class for this project, I referenced the lecture on chapter 9 a lot for how to go about creating classes. From this I was able to get the majority of the code I would need for the constructor, and the private variables that the code is built on. From there I used Chapter 9 of the textbook and my code from pa3 to figure out how to make the functions that create the image manipulations. The hardest image processing function for me was they greyscale as it required a trickier way of incrementing the for loop and to take the averages. Probably the easiest part of this assignment for me was building the main function, as it required a tiny bit of chapter 9 material, but mainly relied on knowledge from CS-111. The most fun or entertaining parts for me were the challenge of solving a problem, creating something from scratch, and and having that creation work. I also really like the process of going back and tweaking the code to make it more interactive and the process of taking out unnecessary bits of code and refining it down to make the code simpler.

In my view, one mistake I made was hardcoding "samples/" in the file name for the openPpmDoc() function because I messed up a few times typing in my input file, which caused visual studio to bug out and me to think my code wasn't working. And something that I was not able to acomplish, but want to use for the next milestone, is the use of the pixel class and using operator overloads.